Split readme (#16)
adzerk/audience-ios-objc-sdk: README.md

}];
```

> A list of the available tracking event classes can be found [here](https://ios.developers.velocidi.com/tracking-model-classes-list.html). If none of them fit the desired action, you can also create your own [custom tracking event](https://ios.developers.velocidi.com/custom-tracking-events.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A list of the available tracking event classes can be found [on the iOS developers website](https://ios.developers.velocidi.com/tracking-model-classes-list.html). If none of them fit the desired action, you can also create your own [custom tracking event](https://ios.developers.velocidi.com/custom-tracking-events.html).
```

Author: Don't like the wording you suggested. "_the iOS developers website_" looks you're talking about Apple's Official website on iOS development 😅 I'd leave it as it is.

Reviewer: I tend to not endorse links behind the word _here_. Also, it is not a very good practice: http://stephanieleary.com/2015/05/why-click-here-is-a-terrible-link-and-what-to-write-instead/

Author: Good point! Changed in 05c9e35

        NSLog(@"Failed! Error: %@", [error localizedDescription]);
    }];
```

# Need Help?

> You can find more information about Velocidi's Private CDP at https://docs.velocidi.com/ and at https://developers.velocidi.com

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find more information about Velocidi's Private CDP at https://docs.velocidi.com/ and at https://developers.velocidi.com.
```
